>> Steve Kinney: So what I'm going to do
is,
>> Steve Kinney: I
am going to go to the Travis CI page.
>> Steve Kinney: Yours might look a little
emptier, I notice that apparently, yikes.
I thought I signed up for a Travis CI
account when I was preparing for this.
But it looks like any repository that
somebody else is user Travis CI that I
have access to was already on that list.
So you could see nothing,
you might see lots of stuff.
Both are totally fine, but
I don't know what you'll see in this case,
you register by logging
in with your GitHub.
So this tiny little plus sign right there,
that is how we add a new repository.
And in here, you can search through
all of your various different repos,
whether they be forked or otherwise.
>> Steve Kinney: If you just pushed it
up recently and you don't see it there,
right, you can hit sync account.
Cuz it fetches your GitHub repos every so
often, you're like,
I have never pushed up and I doesn't have
a repo, and then I do and it's not there.
It's okay, just push it up and
then hit sync account.
Right, and then also,
you have to clear and do the such again.
You might even treat yourself to a page
refresh, cuz distributed systems are hard.
But here's the one that I
have been working on, and so
I will go ahead and
I will just switch it on.
Cool, and then from there,
we can go into settings.
Now, in the setup instructions,
I put together a YAML file that's
gonna be our build process.
So let's look at it together,
and then we will add it in.
Here it is, and this is a YAML
file that we'll give Travis in
order to figure out all
the things that it needs.
So we'll say that this is a Node app,
it'll use Node 8 to build it.
That is, I think 10 is now LTS,
but 8 is also an LTS version,
which is long-term support.
So it's usually good, but
8 is pretty stable at this point.
We'll say cache the yarn dependency,
so this way,
it won't download all your dependencies
on every build if they haven't changed.
And the Node modules directory, again,
ideally, we don't wanna have to wait to do
a entire mpm install, a yarn install,
every single time we deploy.
If the tendencies haven't changed,
cache those folders.
Go ahead and
run the test suite before you do anything.
So if the test suite fails,
then the build will fail, which is good,
it's a little safety thing.
At SendGrid, we actually even
have our integration tests run.
Where I'll go spin up the app,
use a headless browser,
hit at it a bunch of ways.
So we'll know before we deploy bad code,
most of the time.
All right, so then before you deploy,
we wanna add this mpm library,
which its name should do an okay
job explaining what it does,
travis-ci-cloudfront-invalidation.
Anyone wanna venture a wild
guess what this tool does?
>> Steve Kinney: Not all at once, creates
CloudFront invalidations from Travis CI.
All right, so we're just adding
that as a global command, and
then we'll also build the app.
All right, finally, what is deploying,
we're gonna deploy to S3.
These are environment variables
that you're gonna need to set.
All right,
we'll set them together in a moment, well,
I'll set mine, you will set yours.
And then it takes effectively
four environment variables,
the AWS access key,
the AWS secret access key,
what the name of the bucket
you want to deploy to is.
And then finally, when we create
the CloudFront invalidation,
it will need what CloudFront distribution
to create the invalidation on.
So we will have to provide these to Travis
CI, I'm not gonna hard code them in here.
You can set environment variables, and
it'll just read from those as well.
Cool, the local-dir will be dist,
which is the one we picked earlier.
And also,
I'm not really cleaning up the bucket
cuz I don't need to remove old versions.
I will wait until that becomes
a cost that I need to deal with,
before I start deleting files
in my bucket, personally.
And we will only deploy
when the branch is master.
Right, so we'll still run the tests and
stuff no mater what,
but we will deploy exclusively
when this commit is on master.
And then after deploy,
we will use our new Travis CI CloudFront
invalidation tool to
give it the access ID,
the secret key, the CloudFront ID.
I told you, I just invalidate everything,
>> Steve Kinney: And
then the branch and the port request.
These are actually provided by Travis,
we don't need to set them.
But those are options that the tool
actually takes as things it wants.
Cool, so we'll take this, cuz I don't
think anyone wants to watch me type this
and the inevitable typos that will follow.
I'm very good at typing unless people
are watching me, and then I can't type.
So we'll grab, this and
what we'll do is go in here
and,
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna create
a new file, and
this file is going to be called
.travis.yml
>> Steve Kinney: And
I get this cute little icon, cuz one time,
Mike North made me install cute
little icons into Visual Studio Code.
So now I get a little Travis head
sitting there, if you don't have that,
that's totally fine, all right,
so we've got that in place.
>> Steve Kinney: So
the two things I'm changing,
I have this deploy script in here,
which doesn't really matter cuz we're
not actually using it at this point.
Travis knows how to deploy to S3,
it actually already has the AWS tools
installed as well, so that's pretty great.
And then we have this
Travis file right here.
>> Steve Kinney: And I'm gonna commit this
to master, it's gonna fail the build,
this isn't gonna work.
It's not gonna work because we never
set those environment variables.
So it legit can't work just yet, so
the build will fail,
you will get emo about it.
What we're gonna do right now is,
we're going to set
up those environment variables so
it actually does in fact work.
So I'm gonna show you
where to set them up, and
then we'll take a few minutes and
we'll do it together.
So here it goes, so
you can see that I'm building,
like I said, this isn't going to end well.
>> Steve Kinney: And
click this, and go ahead and
actually watch it happen if you like.
I believe personally that watching
a build makes it go faster,
my co-workers explain to me that
it's not actually the case.
But you can watch everything happen,
but again, I've told you already,
this is gonna fail.
So we go to more options,
and go to settings, and
here we have environment variables,
seems like a good place.
You have the key and then the value,
there's also this switch right here.
And the switch is whether or
not you want to encrypt them.
Here's my policy, right, cuz we're gonna
break for a second as I put my keys in and
you put your keys in, cuz I don't need
to broadcast my keys to the world.
Definitely encrypt your AWS access key,
absolutely, no matter what,
definitely, definitely,
definitely encrypt the secret key.
Right, and then we are going to,
I don't encrypt
the S3 bucket name or the CloudFront, why?
Cuz I've messed them up and I need to see
them in case I'm trying to troubleshoot.